haha Antonio We Need to Talk hate you
hate auditory Eldora meet the most
talented man in all of venezia Madonna
ah sister teodoro I never imagined you
as a religious type haha it depends how
you understand religion my son it's not
just men's souls that call for soothing
come join us it's you have a drink meet
the ladies murderer but sure he's
licensed also my said ETO let's see just
how talented you are after him
you have our gratitude that's why is it
wherever you go trouble fathers and
don't it I trust you know why I'm here I
imagine to read Venice of Marco Barbary
go but really Ezio we did this once
already and this new template OJ's a
bigger cooler than the last never mind
that he never leaves the Palazzo yes
except for tonight Marco wouldn't dare
miss carnevale how do you know this in
fact he's throwing the biggest party of
them all but getting in won't be so
simple you'll need a golden mask for
entry and before you think about forging
one keep in mind each mask is numbered
fortunately for you I have an idea let's
see if we can't win you a mask what is
it my son you want to ask me something I
do forgive me but why is it you wear a
nun's habit if you aren't one who ever
said i wasn't indeed I am married to the
Lord yet you are also a courtesan you
run a bordello so I see no contradiction
how I choose to practice my faith what I
choose to do with my body these are my
choices to make like many young women I
was drawn to the church but grew
disillusioned by the believers of the
city men who God only as an idea in
their head
not in the depth of their hearts and
bodies men must know how to love in
order to reach salvation my girls and I
provide that to a congregation no church
would agree with me I realized so I
created my own it may not be traditional
but men's hearts grow firmer my care
come on other things I'm sure
signora signore e come on come on the
games of carnavalet are about to begin
do you have the collage EO to compete
for a scram the prize as this this year
like every year the golden mask will
provide entry or 18 uno solo to our most
beloved doshas personal ball who would
not desire such an exceptional reward
come compete whoever proves themselves
champion in each of four games today
shall be the gorgeous personal guest
tonight you best get to it that's you